fix: add more clear message about accessing public s3 buckets from vpc (#2183)
iasql/iasql: site/blog/tutorials/optimize-s3-endpoints.mdx

Are you using S3 buckets as part of your cloud deployments? How are you accessing them?

> When running applications behind VPCs without public access, there may still be the need to access S3 buckets over the public internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running applications behind VPCs without public access, there may be the need to access S3 buckets from the private subnet over the public internet.
```
